
###GPS 1.1 Reflection - Gwynne Noth
1. **What Git concepts were you struggling with prior to the GPS session?** Prior to the session, I was struggling with the concept of git fetch and git pull. I was also a little unclear about using Git clone.
2. **What concepts were clarified during the GPS?** So much was clarified! We walked through the Git clone process with our guide, so that really helped me clarify the steps. Here's an example of the proper command to clone something: ` git clone https://github.com/genoth/phase-0-gps-1.git ` I also learned that after cloning, you shouldn't use git init in your terminal - because it's already a git repo by definition! I also learned that if this mistake ever happens, it can be fixed by using the command `rm -rf .git` And, we learned about the Git documentation that's accessible in the Terminal by using the command ` git --help `
3. **What questions did you ask your pair and the guide? What still confuses you about Git?** I had some questions about cloning, and my pair and guide were really helpful with that. I think the Git and GitHub workflow are making more and more sense, but there are still some things I'm not totally confident in and times when I'm unsure what to do next.
4. **How was your first experience of pairing in a GPS?** I was a little nervous for my first GPS, but it turned out great! Both my pair and guide were very kind, helpful, and supportive, and that was really helpful as we worked through the session. I really enjoyed working with my pair and appreciate her guidance and kindness.